P'Dan told me that
He's going to put these photos
In an exhibition.
Did you invite you.
I wanted to surprise you.
So I didn't tell you.
You're unhappy about this, right?
You put a price on my photos too.
Can I borrow some money?
How much?
1.2 million.
Do you even realize what you've done?
Argh!
Are you in your right mind right now?
Are you sure you want to do this contract with me?
The deal where I can ask for anything in return?
Yes.
I'll do it.
Our agreement...
Is complete.
I'll never let you go again.
I've cleared your debt.
All of it?
I didn't have to.
I just destroyed their football betting gang.
What if they try to get revenge?
Don't worry.
You can take your mind off that.
As for Jet's injuries
I'll tell your parents
That I saw Jet getting beat up by some thugs
Who were trying to steal from him.
I saw what was happening
And helped him.
Sit down.
Let's talk about our contract.
Do you remember the terms of the contract?
That I will belong to only you
And follow your every rule.
Rule number one.
Don't be too emotional.
I don't like that.
Rule number two.
You said you'll belong only to me.
But words aren't enough.
You have to show me too.
Don't cry.
Didn't I just tell you the first rule?
Don't be too emotional.
You walk in with a warning sign
Just one look and already falling for you
My friends tell me not to cross that line
But I’m already out of time
I know the truth, I taste the sin
It’s wrong but I don’t want it to be true
I’m losing all my discipline
You’re all I’m thinking of
And I’m breaking all the rules
Just because
You’re a red flag but I’m colorblind
I know you’re dangerous
If it burns, let it burn me alive
I can't hold myself back, I’d cross every line
Ooh
Jane.
Jane, how are you?
I called you so many times,
Why didn't you pick up?
So..
Why did you ask to meet up?
P'Dan.
Let's break up.
Jane.
You don't really want to break up with me, right?
He's making you do this right?
I won't let him force you!
P'Dan.
It's not like that.
I actually wanted to break up with you.
You're so good to me.
Do you know
That if I didn't have you next to me
I wouldn't have been able to pass through
Those hard times.
I really like you.
But not in that way.
P'Dan.
I don't love you.
The more I know how you feel about me
The more I don't want to be selfish.
I can't bear to see you
Love me while I don't love you.
Do you understand?
I really did try.
But I can't make myself feel that way about you.
Why?
Why can't you?
Because after all this time
I can't take my mind off P'Jane.
So let's end this here.
Please don't let me hurt your feelings anymore.
I'm sorry.
It's all my fault.
Jane.
You don't have to apologize.
I'm also in the wrong.
Ever since the football field incident,
I knew
That you didn't like me.
I've always known
That you never forgot him.
Even though I knew it
I still decided to approach you.
It's ok.
I want to give this back to you.
It's ok, I want you to have it.
No.
I want to give it to you.
Please?
At least
When you're unhappy..
Please don't do this.
I'll always be here for you.
Please.
P'Dan.
Thank you so much.
Yeah.
I truly mean it.
I'm going to go now.
What's wrong?
You look really tired these days.
Yeah.
You're also skipping some classes.
Hey.
Put? What are you doing?
What is this scar?
Did you already sign a contract with him?
He pressured you into going back to him, didn't he?
If you're in trouble,
P'Dan and I can help you.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
P'Jane is forcing Jane?
And what does P'Dan
Have to do with any of this?
Just stay out of my life.
It's my problem.
I can handle it myself.
Why are you always like this?
Always shutting me out whenever it's about you.
I never asked you
To like me.
But I thought maybe, at least, if it was P'Dan
It would be good.
And in the end,
This is what you chose.
Do you even still see me as your friend?
Hey, hey.
I don't know what you two are fighting about,
But please.
Hey! What do you want me to do?
How are you supposed to help me?
You can't even save yourself.
I'm sorry.
I'm just a loser
Who's never been able to help you with anything.
Then from now on, we're done.
I..
Won't get involved in your life anymore!!
Huh...
Hey.
Hey!
Let go!
Ahhh!
Ugh!
P'Jane!
Argh! Stop!
P'Jane, stop!
Stay away from my boyfriend.
Let's talk outside.
How did you get here?
What was our agreement, Jane?
I tried to say no.
But I was drunk.
So what?
You couldn't resist,
So you just gave in?
Are you even listening to me?
I said I didn't give in!
Next time, I'll be more careful.
Happy now?
P'Jane.
I already promised
That I'd belong only to you.
Please stop hurting other people.
Words aren't enough.
Prove it to me.
Prove that you're mine alone.
Tonight.
P'Jane...
What are you doing?
P'Jane, don't.
P'Jane!
P'Jane, let go!!
P'Jane...
P'...
P'Jane!
You're angry right now.
Then prove it.
P'Jane!
P'Jane...
I don't want to sleep with you like this!
Ow!
P'Jane...
P'Jane.
P'Jane, don't.
Argh!
P'Jane!
Go home!
Why did you stop?
Keep going.
Go ahead!!
Isn't this me proving it?
That I belong only to you.
I told you to leave.
Before I can't keep my promise.
What promise?
If you won't leave,
Then I will.
Next pair, if you're ready,
Please begin.
Everyone,
Even though today is the final exam,
I want all of you
To relax and stay comfortable.
Most importantly, you need to...
Trust your dance partner.
Do you trust your dance partner?
I almost did,
Until you opened your mouth.
Hey, hey!
Jane!
Shit!
Are you hurt?
Are you okay, Jane Jennalee?
I'm okay.
Mm.
If you're okay, then keep dancing.
Hello, Mom. What's up?
Jane, are you free?
Can you go pick Jet up for me?
Jet's not home yet?
His school activity just ended,
And he already tried calling for a ride,
But nobody's accepting it.
And...
What about Dad?
He's busy.
And it's already late.
I'm worried some gangsters might hurt Jet
Or extort money from him again.
I understand.
I'll go pick Jet up and take him home myself.
Thank you, Jane.
Please look after your brother for me.
Yes, Mom.
P'Jane,
I'm going to pick Jet up from school.
Come with me.
Jet.
Say thank you to P'Jane.
He came all the way here to pick you up.
Thank you, P'Jane.
And...
This is my way of thanking you
For helping me before.
Thanks.
Jane,
Can you take that for me?
Jet,
Why weren't you more careful?
Thank you.
I'll make you an American breakfast.
Do you still want two fried eggs like usual, Jane?
Yeah.
Why are they making us sit through exams
Until our backs are stiff?
I seriously don't get it.
What a waste of a whole day.
Didn't get to play games,
Didn't get to play football.
Did he come to pick you up?
I guess so.
Honestly, I don't know
What he's thinking.
Hey.
Are you two back together or what?
Then why are you still acting like you're fighting?
I don't know either.
What we're going through now,
Does it even count as a fight?
If you're really going to get back together,
Then whatever you're keeping inside,
Say it.
Before it turns into something bigger.
Go.
He's already waiting.
Good luck, buddy.
P'Jane.
Let's go home.
Hey..
Can we talk for a minute?
That promise you mentioned that night...
Was it the promise you made to me before?
That if I wasn't ready,
You wouldn't force me?
You know,
I was really angry at you that day.
You can say it's because you love me,
But you still had no right to do that to me.
I'm sorry.
I promise it won't happen again.
I'll belong only to you.
But I want to ask you for one thing.
I want to know everything you do.
Your whole life.
Because I don't want to be with you
Without knowing anything at all.
Mm.
Thank you.
Why are you here?
I was out, and I passed by a cake shop.
So I bought you some cheesecake.
I remembered you like it.
I wanted to apologize
For what I said to you that day.
I was just really upset
That I couldn't help you at all.
I owe you an apology too.
I know you only did it
Because you were worried about me.
Yeah.
I really was worried about you.
(P'Jane: I'll come pick you up at the shop.)
Can we talk another time?
It's okay.
Then I'll get going.
Put.
Just let it go.
Whatever that happen before this.
So where are we going?
Someone called and asked me for a favor.
But they wanted to meet in person.
So I brought you along.
Have you been doing this for a long time?
Since high school.
Why do you do this?
Does it have something to do with your family?
I do it for myself.
And...
Don't you feel anything at all?
Having to punish people
For breaking their promises?
Why should I feel anything?
Tee embezzled money,
He goes to prison, right?
Jui cheated on her boyfriend
And stole money from him too.
One day, her boyfriend was bound to come after her.
Am I wrong?
I'm not adding any punishment
To what they deserved.
Looks like you think
What I'm doing is cruel.
I'm just making an exchange.
They're the ones
Who think they can get something for free.
Then when it's time to pay the price,
They turn around and call me cruel.
Do you really think everything you do is right?
Yes.
But Tee wasn't fit to be student president.
If you hadn't made him president in the first place,
He wouldn't have had the chance
To steal from everyone.
A person like that,
Even if he didn't do it there,
He would've done it somewhere else.
True.
And one day,
Someone else would've caught him.
P'Jane,
You don't have to do this.
We're here.
I thought we'd be meeting at your pub.
I didn't expect
A place like this.
Some people aren't comfortable meeting at my pub.
The ones who like hiding who they are
Usually prefer places like this.
Are you here yet?
Not yet, wait inside first.
Is something wrong?
Jane? Hey!
Hey!
Jane!
Huh?
Wait in the car.
Start the engine and be ready.
What about you?
I'll cover you.
If I don't make it back within ten minutes,
Just drive away.
No, P'Jane.
Just go.
If you stay,
It'll be harder for me to protect you.
And we'll both end up dead.
Trust me.
Go.
You! Watch out!
P'Jane!
Are you okay?
P'Jane..
You've been shot?
Huh?
What do I do?
We need to get out of here.
P'Jane, stay with me.
P'Jane, are you okay?
Who were they?
Probably one of my old enemies.
Someone who set me up.
Hello, Jane?
I need surgery.
I've been shot.
Where are you now?
We're heading to the hospital.
Can you make it?
I'm still hanging on.
Get here as fast as you can, I'll prepare the operating room.
Follow the map.
Okay.
P'Jane, don't die on me.
P'Jane...
P'Jane, please don't die.
Please wait outside.
Doctor.
Doctor!
Calm down, wait here first.
I'll take care of everything.
Please save P'Jane.
P'...?
How is P'Jane?
Don't worry.
He's out of danger now.
The bullet may have missed vital organs,
But he lost a lot of blood.
Still,
If you'd arrived any later,
Things could've been much worse.
You're Jane Jennalee, right?
P'Jane
Told you about me?
My name's Ram.
I'm his doctor.
And his cousin too.
Nice to meet you.
Don't worry.
I talk to him a lot.
He's told me about you before.
He talks about me?
Yeah.
So..
Is this your first time dealing
With something like this?
He won't be sleeping at the hospital today
But I want you to watch out for infection.
Honestly, Jane already knows all this.
But I'd like to ask you to help
Take care of his wound.
Because someone like him
Would never agree to come to
A clinic for dressing changes.
Does P'Jane
Go through things like this often?
All the time.
He's been in situations way
More dangerous than this.
Did you know...
I've actually had to carry surgical equipment
And operate on him outside a hospital before.
One day, he's definitely going to turn me
Into an underground doctor.
This is the first time
I've ever been through something like this.
I don't know if I'll ever get used to it.
Jane's always dragging people
Into things like this.
If you're worried about him,
Please help talk some sense into him.
I don't think he'd listen to me either.
I don't know if you realize it,
But you're very special to him.
Really?
I have to go check on my other patients.
Visiting hours will start in about half an hour.
You can see Jane then.
Thank you.
P'Jane.
Are you okay?
I'm better now.
Do you know how worried I was about you?
I was scared.
I was so scared that...
I thought you were going to...
It's okay, Jane.
I'm safe now.
Can you stop living like this?
No.
Not even if I ask you to?
I can't stop.
I've gone too far to quit now.
This is my life.
Then how do you expect me to live with this?
Watching you live like this every day.
That's exactly why I never wanted you
Involved in any of this.
But you asked me to let you in.
So I did.
And you're the only person
I've ever given this much to.
So you're really not going to stop?
If you're choosing this kind of life
Then I wish you nothing but luck.
Jane, you can't just abandon me like this.
Have you forgotten?
That you owe me.
I'm never letting you go.
I can trust you, right?
If anything happens to you,
I don't think I can go on.
Don't worry.
I won't let anyone lay a finger on you.
You promised me, right?
That you'd tell me everything.
Then I'm going to see my friends tonight.
Why?!
Put, calm down.
Can you please just do what I ask for once? Ow!
How did you get here?
Jane.
I'm really sorry about just now.
If you ever come near Jane again,
I won't let you off easy.
Hello, Jane?
Get to the hospital right now.
Put is in the ER room right now.
You walk in with a warning sign
Just one look and already falling for you
My friends tell me not to cross that line
But I’m already out of time
I know the truth, I taste the sin
It’s wrong but I don’t want it to be true
I’m losing all my discipline
You’re all I’m thinking of
And I’m breaking all the rules
Just because
You’re a red flag but I’m colorblind
I know you’re dangerous
If it burns, let it burn me alive
I can't hold myself back, I’d cross every line
You’re a red flag but I’m colorblind
I’d give up anything for you
Even if it burns, I'm willing to melt away
I can't hold myself back, I’d cross every line
You can paint me with all your darkest sides
And I’d still wear them like they’re paradise
If this love is a perfect crime
Then I’m guilty for life
You tell me,
Don’t be too emotional that’s rule no. 1
I’d give up everything to be your only one
Ooh
You’re the only one
I know the truth, I taste the sin
It’s wrong but I don’t want it to be true
I’m losing all my discipline
You’re all I’m thinking of
And I’m breaking all the rules
Just because
You’re a red flag but I’m colorblind
I know you’re dangerous
If it burns, let it burn me alive
I can't hold myself back, I’d cross every line
You’re a red flag but I’m colorblind
I’d give up anything for you
Even if it burns, I'm willing to melt away
I can't hold myself back, I’d cross every line